I'm not sure if you noticed it in the last lectures with our working application.
If I had services blueprints something changed our new news server down here in the blueprint as well
as the paragraph right at the top no longer has a blue color.
Now it was colored blue before because any app components as file we define the paragraphs should have
a blue text color but both paragraphs were moved.
They are no longer part of our app component here.
The first paragraph is part of the cockpit and the second paragraph of that is inside of our research
element.
But isn't that strange here on this C S S definition which just say paragraph.
So it should affect all paragraphs or a whole app.
Now you might say well no it's in the app components.
Yes.
As files so clearly it only belongs to this template.
But is that so clear.
Because the way C S S works it doesn't really care in which C S S fall.
You define a rule.
It simply is applied to the whole document normally.
So this actually is a behavior enforced by angular which is not the default behavior of the browser.
So whilst of course D.C. is as follows.
Have the goal of encapsulating styles for the component they belong to.
This again is not a default behavior.
Angler gives us this behavior and it's a great behavior because we have that we can make sure that whichever
styles we define in us as file will only get applied to the component they belong to.
However of course this means that now we would have to copy this blue color here to all our Ivor.
Well component where we want to use it.
Well I never want to use it on a clock.
But anyways but it will copy it to the server element.
And if we now change this and let it reload and enter something here and add a new blueprint now you
see this is blue again.
Now it's interesting if we inspect this text here in the developer tools you see that if you have a
look at the styles.
Clearly here we assign the blue color.
But do you see that de-select or changed before.
We had just p here just a paragraph.
Now it's paragraph and then this very strange attribute underscore energy content dash Ejay Oh dash
2.
Well I don't know about you but I didn't edit.
You can see this attribute here on the paragraph.
That is why this style gets applied here because this style definition says make every text blue which
is in a paragraph where the paragraph has this attribute something which is true for the paragraph holding
this specific text.
Now the adverb paragraph we have an AB cockpit here in the div..
This paragraph does have a different attribute underscore energy content.
E.J. o one down here we have Ejay old too.
That is why the Starland gets not applied to disparate graph and all these strange attributes which
you can see all over the place here.
All these strange attributes are applied to their specific elements by angular angular.
As I told you enforces this style encapsulation and it can do that magically.
So the way it does it is it simply gives the same attribute to all elements in a component.
So all elements in that cockpit component have energy content.
Each one attached to it as you can see and it does this for each component with different unique attribute
names e.g. a 1 and 2 0 0 and 2 0 2.
And with that it can make sure that once it changed your style select or it automatically adds this
attribute selector to all your styles defined for a component that dishtowels get only applied to elements
of that component.
Daises how it enforces this behavior.
It kind of emulates the shadow dawn the shadow Dharma's a technology not supported by all browsers where
each element has its kind of own.
Yeah shadow Dom behind it where you then could assign styles to each element.
But as this technology is not supported by all browsers This is how angular emulates it.
And that is the default behavior of view encapsulation in angular